On the contrary. You can't even do it well with your brother's whisper.
Aren't you usually very tall?
What? When the critical moment comes, you start to act stupid.
It seems to me that you are deliberately embarrassing the entire composition department with you.
Mr. Chen is the regular commentator for this competition.
You offended him, our entire composition department,
You are so arrogant and flattering Mr. Chen’s stinky feet,
You mean, he was caught.
This reason is too far-fetched.
I was arrested because I offended Mr. Chen.
Aren't you Mrs. General Cai?
Is there no news at all?
Did Mr. Chen offend Mr. Chen?
Of course I saw it with my own eyes
Are you Mr. Chen too?
Dead Western food for your birthday
Are you having fun?
What is your personality?
It makes our whole composition unpopular
Who in the end defeated the boss’s nominal recruitment status?